[instrumental music]
NARRATOR Although Ash struggled
during his challenge
against Ramos and his
Grass‐type Pokémon
at the Coumarine City Gym
our hero managed
to successfully
put his unique
battling style to the test
and pull off a victory
winning his fourth
Kalos Gym badge!
[instrumental music]
Hmm.
NURSE JOY Serena from Vaniville
Town, all set.
I'm happy to say your entry
into the Pokémon Showcase
rookie class is complete.
So, best of luck!
WIGGLYTUFF
[FRIENDLY]
‐ Thanks!
‐ Hmm.
Now, Pancham? Fennekin? Ready?
[AGREEMENT]
[DETERMINED]
It's your first performance!
I know! You're gonna be great!
‐ Thanks a lot!
‐ Sure!
I know it doesn't get
under way just yet
but are you ready to go?
Yeah, but a little bit
more practice couldn't hurt.
I have to work just as hard
as Ash to be successful!
You're gonna do just fine.
Give it all you've got, and
you'll have nothing to regret.
Right!
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're
up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hands ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Under the Pledging Tree!"
[instrumental music]
BONNIE/CLEMONT/ASH/SERENA
Huh?
ASH
'What's all this?'
PIKACHU
[SURPRISED]
CLEMONT I wonder if something's
going on tonight.
RAMOS They're gettin' ready
for the festival.
‐ Hey, Ramos!
‐ Wow. A festival?
The Coumarine City Festival
happens each and every year.
There's a story.
Long, long ago there was
a Trainer and his Pokémon.
They went on a journey together
and experienced
countless adventures.
So, at the end of their journey
they settled down in this land
and lived here
happily ever after.
In honor of their
lastin' friendship
the Trainer gave
his Pokémon a little tree
as a lovely reminder
of everything
they had been through together.
Before long,
that little tree grew and grew
becomin' the largest tree
in Coumarine City.
And that tree is known
as the Pledgin' Tree.
Oh! That sounds wonderful!
Hold on a second.
Is that tree alive today?
RAMOS
Yes. That's it over there.
ASH/BONNIE/CLEMONT/SERENA
Ah!
RAMOS 'Since then, it is said
if a Trainer gives'
'their Pokémon a gift
while standin' under that tree'
'the bond between them
will grow even stronger.'
'It's become a tradition.'
‐ Wow. That is just so sweet!
‐ Oh.
Ramos, what time
does the festival begin?
It begins at sundown.
A Trainer first places
their Pokémon 's present
underneath the Pledgin' Tree.
And then the Trainer
offers the gift
after the sun goes down.
So, that's why
they're all headed
toward the tree
with all that stuff!
Sounds like a lot of fun!
Why don't we do it, too?
That's great!
It sounds like a lot of fun!
SERENA 'Huh! I wonder
what I should give?'
BONNIE
'I wanna give a present, too!'
Good! I'm on my way to go
and decorate the tree now.
Great! I'm so glad you told us.
Guys, now that we know
we'd better go
buy those presents!
Hey, there's a street
known for its shopping
'right near the port.'
'Why don't we go there?'
I'm sure that we'll find
whatever we need!
Good idea. What do you say?
I'm going to do something
a little different.
I'm off to the Pokémon Center.
‐ I know what you're up to.
‐ I'll bet you do.
I'm going to assemble my present
by hand.
Sounds cool. I'm sure your
Pokémon will like that best.
CLEMONT
You're right!
Just make sure
you don't blow anything up!
Come on! Bonnie, my inventions
don't always blow up, you know!
[chuckling]
ASH Wait for me here,
okay, Pikachu?
[SAD]
I know they all love surprises.
Presents are more fun
when you don't know
what you're getting, right?
You're right! Good idea.
Will you stay here
and wait for me, too?
I'm gonna find you
something really nice.
FENNEKIN/PANCHAM
[EXCITED]/[UNINTERESTED]
So, can I take care of them
while you're gone?
Yeah, that'd be great, Bonnie.
Yay! Leave it to me!
ASH
'Come on out, everybody!'
You just relax and wait
while we get your presents.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH
Okay, Bonnie, it's up to you.
Have fun takin' care of them.
Okay!
And since I'll be
making my presents
I can help Bonnie
watch them, too.
We're all gonna have
a great time!
'You all come out as well!'
[EXCITED]
Okay, ready? Follow me!
‐ Ready to go?
‐ Mm‐hm.
SERENA
Wow. Ash and I are all alone.
It's, it's almost like
we're out on a date!
ASH
What are you gonna get, Serena?
SERENA
I'm not really sure yet.
[Serena chuckles]
Isn't that sweet?
They're getting presents
for their Pokémon.
Yes, and knowing those Twerps,
I'm certain they'll find
something that will make
their Pokémon jump for joy!
So, if we swipe those Pokémon
and their presents,
guess what then?
Our name will soon be in lights!
While the Boss walks us
down easy street!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[instrumental music]
‐ Wow!
‐ 'It's beautiful!'
‐ 'Awesome!'
Huh?
[chuckles]
SERENA This is the heart
of the shopping district.
Then I think we should go
check out every store.
Sounds good.
[gasps]
Look at how
cute this is! Huh?
‐ Serena!
‐ Huh?
Check out
this awesome face!
Do you think Pikachu
and the others will like it?
SERENA It might be
the tiniest bit too big.
Oh.. Now that you mention it,
you're right.
[gasps]
Hey, Ash!
‐ Ash?
‐ Serena!
Look at this cool hat.
So, what do you think?
Nice. But who's
gonna wear that?
You're right.
Ash, this shop
has some nice things!
‐ Come take a look!
‐ Hey, Serena!
I think I'm gonna
check out that store!
I'll meet you back
at the station!
Uh, wait!
Do you
have to go so soon?
Mm.. Oh!
Huh?
[gasps]
It's adorable!
You know, if I wore an outfit
like this at the Showcase..
Okay! I want everybody to get
in line so I can brush you!
[EXCITED]/[EXERTION]
[EXERTION]
[PROUD]
[IMPRESSED]
BONNIE Come on, Hawlucha and
Bunnelby, get in line, too!
I know! Serena made Poké Puffs.
So, that means we can all
have snack time afterwards!
BUNNELBY/HAWLUCHA
[EXCITED]/[UNINTERESTED]
BONNIE
Everybody get in line!
Hm. Huh?
What's wrong, Goomy?
You look sick.
Whoa! You need water now!
Water! Water!
[RELIEVED]
[PLEASED]
[sighs]
Thank goodness.
[PAINED]/[ANNOYED]
[APOLOGETIC]/[PLAYFUL]
[ANNOYED]
[AGGRESSIVE]
Come on! No fighting!
[IMPATIENT]
Wow. Watching them
sure is a lot of work.
'Chespin! Pancham!
Be nice to each other!'
So, what am I gonna get 'em?
Maybe something that would come
in handy in a battle..
Say, are you looking
for a Pokémon gift?
How about one
of these Macho Braces?
‐ No.
‐ Or a Rocky Helmet!
Uh.. Wait!
Would you hold on for a sec?
Whoa‐a‐a!
[screams]
Whoopsie.
Whoa, I'm stumped.
What do I get?
Man, oh, man.
[sighs]
Wow. Who knew
this would be so hard?
I've got to get something.
Thank you for your help!
There.
Mission accomplished.
Now, I hope they like them.
Sorry to keep you waiting!
So, did you get 'em
somethin' good?
Uh‐huh. I did!
And I think I'm gonna
decorate them myself.
Wait. Where's yours?
Uh, I couldn't find a thing.
‐ Oh. I'm sorry to hear that.
‐ But we've still got time.
We'll just relax
and find something great.
ASH
You bet. Nice and easy.
‐ Huh?
‐ Congratulations!
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Dunsparce!
[INTENT]
‐ Uh?
‐ 'You did it!'
You have the distinct honor
of being
our one‐millionth customer!
Who, me?
Give this young man
a round of applause!
‐ Wow. Uh, thank you.
‐ Congratulations.
To commemorate this occasion,
please, accept this gift.
Hey, thanks a lot. Really!
I never expected I'd be
the one to get a gift.
What did they give you?
Please, show me. Ash, come on!
‐ Wow!
‐ Huh?
‐ That's such a pretty ribbon!
‐ Yeah.
But I still have to get
a present for all my Pokémon.
I forgot all about that.
[sighs]
Pikachu and the others
will love anything you choose.
All they care about
is that the gift comes from you.
‐ You think?
‐ Sure!
What would make you happy
if you got a gift?
Make me happy? Does it matter?
Yeah.
Because they're your Pokémon.
And they think just like you do.
Uh, think like I do.
What would make me happy?
Uh. That's it, Serena!
That's it!
Huh? Huh?
‐ Thanks a lot. Later!
‐ Huh? Ash!
I've got somewhere to go!
I'll meet you back
at the Pokémon Center!
Huh? Somewhere? Where, where?
[Ash panting]
[sighs]
Alright, let's do this!
[instrumental music]
[ALERT]
Hi! I'm back!
‐ Hi, Serena!
‐ Huh?
But I thought
Ash went with you.
He's still looking
for a present.
But I think
he got a great idea.
[EXCITED]
Hi, everyone!
Bonnie, thanks
for looking after them.
Sure thing.
It was a lot of fun.
Except..
Bonnie? What's the matter?
It's just, I want to give
everyone a present, too!
But do I have to be a Trainer?
Bonnie! Mm‐mm.
Of course you don't!
I'm sure everyone would love it.
[AGREEMENT]
[EXCITED]
[chuckles]
You mean it?
Okay, then I'll make
a drawing of all of you.
That'll be my present.
PIKACHU/DEDENNE
[EXCITED]
Now, line up! Okay?
DEDENNE
[STARTLED]
FROGADIER/PIKACHU
[AMUSED]/[RELIEVED]
Nobody move.
I know it'll make
a wonderful present!
SERENA
Okay, time to get to work.
Right! I had better
get busy, too.
[panting]
Huh?
Maybe I should find
just a little bit more.
Huh?
[EXERTION]
A Dunsparce?
Never thought I'd find one here!
I think I'll catch you! Huh?
Ah! I don't have any Poké Balls!
[EXERTION]
Oh.
No, wait. I can't let this thing
get me down right now!
[instrumental music]
[gasping]
SERENA
'It's beautiful!'
BONNIE
'So pretty!'
It looks like the decorations
for the festival
are all ready to go!
[EXCITED]
Ash. Finally!
'Where have you been?'
It took a little longer
than I thought.
So, Ash, did you find a present?
Yup!
[chuckles]
Hi.
[HAPPY]
‐ 'Ramos.'
‐ Huh?
‐ Good. You're all here.
‐ Mm‐hm. Right!
You can put your presents
over there.
[giggling]
Hm. Huh?
[Ash chuckles]
‐ What happens next?
‐ Huh?
I imagine we'll
find out soon enough.
Let's begin.
[whirring]
‐ Oh!
‐ What a way to start!
‐ Ah!
‐ Ramos, what's going on?
Huh?
[EXERTION]/[WATER PULSE MOVE]
[explosion]
[screaming]
What's the meanin' of this?
Prepare for trouble,
the meaning is quite clear!
We steal your presents
and fill you with fear!
To protect the world
from devastation!
To unite all people
within our nation!
To denounce the evils
of Twerps hoarding gifts!
To extend and teach
the virtues of thrift!
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
JESSIE Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
JAMES Surrender now or prepare
for a festival fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH Team Rocket,
what are you doing here?
BONNIE I want my drawing back
right now!
Silence, Twerps!
These presents are now part
of the Team Rocket festival!
And, when combined
with your Pokémon
we'll have caught
a cornucopia cache!
Yeah, whatever that means.
Time to clean!
Gogoat, ready?
ASH
Ramos!
Leave everything to us, okay?
Right! It's all yours!
Okay, Pikachu.
Use Iron Tail!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[whimpering]
[screaming]
[groans]
[Jessie growls]
Why, you impertinent
party‐poopers!
Look! We put a lot of time
into getting those gifts!
‐ So, quit while you're ahead!
‐ You're way behind, Twerp!
'Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball!'
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Frogadier, use Water Pulse!
[EXERTION]/[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Inkay, use Psybeam!
[APPEARING]/[PSYBEAM MOVE]
Bunnelby! Mud Shot, let's go!
[MUD SHOT MOVE]
Fennekin, use Flamethrower!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
Pikachu! Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Now, Chespin, Pin Missile!
[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
[screaming]
JESSIE
Already?
JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blasting off prematurely!
WOBBUFFET
[AFFIRMATIVE]
INKAY
[instrumental music]
What a relief. The presents
are safe and sound.
And that includes
your drawing, too.
‐ My drawing's alright!
‐ Here you go.
What a relief! It didn't break.
‐ Is this one yours?
‐ Yeah.
CLEMONT
'Whose is this?'
BONNIE
'Here you go.'
‐ 'Thank you.'
‐ Mm‐hm.
RAMOS Well, then, back
to where we started.
To strengthen the bond
between Trainer and Pokémon
let us begin our
beloved annual festival
as we all gather together here
beneath the Pledgin' Tree.
And now, it's time
for the countdown!
CROWD
Five, four, and three
and two, and one!
Wow, how beautiful!
Totally awesome!
So sparkly!
It's like a tower of light!
What do you think? It looks
just like you guys, right?
[PLEASED]
[JUBILIANT]
SERENA
Ta‐dah!
The ribbon's for Fennekin
and the sunglasses
are for Pancham.
I did the decorations myself!
[IMPRESSED]
[OVERJOYED]
[AFFECTIONATE]
PANCHAM
[NONCHALANT]
CLEMONT Here, this ribbon
is actually a wind‐up key.
'If you put it in here,
and turn it like so..'
[SURPRISED]
'It's a Clemontic Gear
mini‐music box!'
And I made little
versions of you!
[DELIGHTED]
[Ash groans]
ASH
'There we go.'
'I handpicked these berries.'
[AMAZED]
I got a ton. So you guys
can eat as much as you want to!
[DELIGHTED]/[MUNCHING]
[DELIGHTED]
[chuckles]
Oh, I'm not having a good time!
So, close and yet so far.
Close doesn't count.
Huh?
Look what I found.
A present in the tree.
‐ Oh. That one's for you.
‐ Eh?
And this...for Inkay.
These are for Wobbuffet
and Pumpkaboo.
[SURPRISED]/[PLEASED]
[SURPRISED]
Well, after all, you do
help us from time to time.
Tokens of our sincere
love and affection.
Aw. You lugs!
[bawling]
‐ Wait, it's dangerous!
‐ Not you too!
It won't hold!
Are you out of your..
[screaming]
[groaning]
It's for you.
Thanks for all your help.
[JOYFUL]
BUNNELBY/LUXIO
[HAPPY]/[PLEASED]
I'm so glad
that you all like it. Huh?
Tastes pretty good,
huh, Dedenne?
DEDENNE
[AGREEMENT]
CHESPIN
[EXCITED]
Hmm. Wow!
You both look
so good wearing those!
FENNEKIN/PANCHAM
[PLEASED]/[RELUCTANT]
You'll be amazing
in the Pokémon Showcase!
Hold on. Who is that for?
[CURIOUS]
Do you think someone
forgot to give it?
CLEMONT
'Oh.'
‐ The card says, "To Serena."
‐ Huh?
Well, what do you know?
This present's for you!
Open it. Open it!
Ah. Sure.
[gasping]
BONNIE
A dress! It's so pretty!
Aw. But how?
I'm glad you finally
got that package.
It was delivered
to the Pokémon Center for you.
‐ Pokémon Center?
‐ Right.
It arrived there
along with instructions
to give it to you in a way
that would be a big surprise.
Huh?
‐ 'Do you like it?'
‐ Oh, mom!
I figured if you were going
to enter the Pokémon Showcase
you'd want a brand‐new outfit.
‐ I was right!
‐ You were!
You never like any of
the outfits I pick out for you
so, I tried something different.
I chose the dress I didn't like.
Oh, that's so sweet!
I know you'll be amazing.
Goodluck.
Thanks.
[chuckling]
BONNIE/CLEMONT/ASH
Huh?
BONNIE
'Fireworks!'
PIKACHU
[AMAZED]
‐ 'Serena?'
‐ What, Ash?
Here, take this. I wanted you
to have something from me.
But what for?
ASH 'I never would've been able
to choose a present'
for them without your help.
So, this is just my way
of saying thanks a lot.
[gasps]
Huh..
Thank you, Ash!
I'll always treasure it!
NARRATOR With a little
assistance from our heroes
the festival celebrating
the bond between Trainer
and Pokémon is safe,
secure, and underway.
Before long, Serena's
first Pokémon Showcase
will be underway, too,
as the journey continues!
[theme music]